README.md, before:

# ArmA3-modlink description
This tool is created to work with LGSM tool!

This is a simple pseudographical SHELL tool to create/remove the symbolic links of a selected MODs from Steam Workshop directory to a directory with the ArmA dedicated server on Linux.\
It is creates the symbolyc links of an all files in a "keys" directory of a linked MOD to your server's "keys" directory. And it can remove these links if mod removed from server path (with the current tool by unmarking the mod in list).

It also can add an enabled mods to the commandline parameter "mods=" in LGSM server configuration file. (Great thanks to brezerk!)

## Dependencies

* dialog
* LGSM Tool (https://linuxgsm.com/)

## Usage
###### PRE
Before using - please update a ``STEAM_DIR`` variable in *modlink.sh* to your own.
#### How to use
The default server name is "server" which is located in "/home/$USER" directory. All other server directories should start with the "server" string to be included in a list of servers for choosing.

Just start the script - and you'll see all you need.

You can select the server where the mods you need to link to in a first step. And the MODs which you need to link/unlink in the second step.

Use and arrows on your keyboadr to navigate and the SPACE key to select/unselect a punct under your cursor position.

```
mkdir modlink
cd modlink
git clone https://github.com/Varrkan82/ArmA3-modlink.git .
./modlink.sh
```

Commit message:

Add variable for deafult server directory name.

README.md, after:

# ArmA3-modlink description
This tool is created to work with LGSM tool!

This is a simple pseudographical SHELL tool to create/remove the symbolic links of a selected MODs from Steam Workshop directory to a directory with the ArmA dedicated server on Linux.\
It is creates the symbolyc links of an all files in a "keys" directory of a linked MOD to your server's "keys" directory. And it can remove these links if mod removed from server path (with the current tool by unmarking the mod in list).

It also can add an enabled mods to the commandline parameter "mods=" in LGSM server configuration file. (Great thanks to brezerk!)

## Dependencies

* dialog
* LGSM Tool (https://linuxgsm.com/)

## Usage
###### PRE
Before using - please update a following variables for your own:

``STEAM_DIR`` - this is a path to your Steam directory with a mods.

``ARMA_PATH`` - default server path name in your home directory. (*/home/steam/server* by default).

#### How to use
The default server name is "server" which is located in "/home/$USER" directory. All other server directories should start with the "server" string to be included in a list of servers for choosing.

Just start the script - and you'll see all you need.

You can select the server where the mods you need to link to in a first step. And the MODs which you need to link/unlink in the second step.

Use and arrows on your keyboadr to navigate and the SPACE key to select/unselect a punct under your cursor position.

```
mkdir modlink
cd modlink
git clone https://github.com/Varrkan82/ArmA3-modlink.git .
./modlink.sh
```
